I need to redesign the main landing page (the one with the full-screen waterfall background). The current design looks bad, and the 'Tourist Login' form is not visible. Please follow these steps to create a clean, modern, and functional hero page.

Target File: Navigate to the main HTML file for the landing page (likely index.html).

Step 1: Fix the Background and Text Visibility
Ensure Full-Screen Background: Make sure the waterfall image covers the entire background of the page (background-size: cover;, height: 100vh;).

Add a Dark Overlay (CRUCIAL): To make the text readable against the bright parts of the waterfall, apply a semi-transparent dark overlay to the entire background image.

In your CSS, you can apply this to the main container: background: linear-gradient(rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5), rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5)), url('your-waterfall-image.jpg');

This is the most important step to fix the visibility problem.

Step 2: Remove the Old Login Form and Update the Text
Delete the Login Form: Find and completely delete the entire div or form element that contains the 'Tourist Login' box, including the input fields and button.

Update the Main Headings:

Change the main title from "SafeTrip" to "G.U.A.R.D".

Style it as a large, bold, white <h1> heading. Use the 'Inter' font.

Change the secondary title from "Emergency SOS" to "Smart Tourist Safety".

Style this as an <h2> heading. You can use a contrasting color like the site's primary blue (#4F46E5) or the red from the panic button (#DC2626) for emphasis.

Refine the Tagline: Ensure the descriptive text below the titles is clear and well-styled (e.g., Smart Tourist Safety & Incident Response System).

Step 3: Add the New 'Login / Sign Up' Button
Create the Button: In the central content area, below the updated titles and tagline, add a single, prominent button. This should be an anchor tag (<a>) styled to look like a button.

Button Text: The text inside the button should be "Login / Sign Up".

Button Styling:

Apply a beautiful, modern UI style. Use the site's primary action button style (e.g., solid blue #4F46E5 background, white text, 8px rounded corners).

Make it slightly larger than the standard navigation buttons to signify it's the main call-to-action.

Add a subtle hover effect (e.g., scale up slightly or brighten).

Button Functionality (Redirection):

Set the href attribute of this button to point to your existing login page. For example: href="login.html". This will redirect the user to the proper login/registration form when they click it.

Final Instructions:
Ensure all the new text and the button are centered vertically and horizontally on the page.

The top navigation bar should remain unchanged, with its translucent 'Glassmorphism' effect.

The final result should be a clean, impactful landing page with a beautiful background, readable text, and a single, clear call-to-action button that leads to the login page."